Change MyPy docs for third-party type stubs (#21122)
pantsbuild/pants: docs/docs/python/goals/check.mdx

You can install third-party type stubs (for example, `types-requests`) like [normal Python requirements](../overview/third-party-dependencies.mdx). Pants will infer a dependency on both the type stub and the actual dependency, for example, both `types-requests` and `requests`, which you can confirm by running `pants dependencies path/to/f.py`.

> Type stubs must be installed in the same resolve as the code being checked, and not in the same resolve as MyPy itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Third-party type stubs must be installed in the same resolve as the third-party code they provide types for.
```

"The code being checked" is your own code, so this might be confusing. And I think there's no need to mention the wrong thing, even to say that it's wrong...

Author: Sure, sounds reasonable
